[[windup-software-components]]
Windup Software Components
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following open source software, tools, and APIs are used within
Windup to analyze and provide migration information. If you plan to
contribute source code to the core Windup 2.0 project, you should be
familiar with them.

[[forge]]
Forge
^^^^^

Forge is an open source, extendable, rapid application development tool
for creating Java EE applications using Maven. For more information
about Forge, see: http://forge.jboss.org/.

[[forge-furnace]]
Forge Furnace
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Forge Furnace is a modular runtime container behind Forge that provides
the ability to run Forge addons in an embedded application. For more
information about Forge Furnace, see:
http://forge.jboss.org/document/run-forge-embedded.

[[tinkerpop]]
TinkerPop
^^^^^^^^^

TinkerPop is an open source graph computing framework. For more
information, see: http://www.tinkerpop.com/.

[[frames]]
Frames
^^^^^^

Frames represents graph data in the form of interrelated Java Objects or
a collection of annotated Java Interfaces. For more information, see:
https://github.com/tinkerpop/frames/wiki.

Windup includes several Frames extensions, which are documented here:
https://github.com/windup/windup/wiki/Dev:-Frames-extensions.

[[gremlin]]
Gremlin
^^^^^^^

Gremlin is a graph traversal language that allows you to query, analyze,
and manipulate property graphs that implement the Blueprints property
graph data model. For more information, see:
https://github.com/tinkerpop/gremlin/wiki.

[[blueprints]]
Blueprints
^^^^^^^^^^

Blueprints is an industry standard API used to access graph databases.
For more information about Blueprints, see:
https://github.com/tinkerpop/blueprints/wiki.

[[pipes]]
Pipes
^^^^^

A dataflow framework used to process graph data. It for the
transformation of data from input to output. For more information, see:
https://github.com/tinkerpop/pipes/wiki.

[[ocpsoft-rewrite]]
OCPsoft Rewrite
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

OCPsoft Rewrite is an open source routing and URL rewriting solution for
Servlets, Java Web Frameworks, and Java EE. For more information about
Ocpsoft, see: http://ocpsoft.org/rewrite/.